Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about bit more complex option of testing our systems using
ragas.
So we are going to be testing our Raag based system using a ragas over here.
So if you remember in our last sections of our course, we talked about the uh Raag system, like how
we built a RAC by reading the data from the PDF file and how we extracted those data and stored into
a vector database, uh, in the Croma database, these things.
And we also retrieved the data.
Now, our idea is to test this Rag system in such a way that we can, uh, we can actually verify if
our, uh, agent is going to get the correct data from this particular database, which is being extracted.
And the way that we can evaluate this particular Rag system essentially, is to Uh, have a test set
of data which we are going to be injecting and verifying if the response that we're looking for is absolutely
correct or not, but for doing that, definitely with the human intervention, if you do it, it's going
to take a lot of time because you need to create quite a lot of big data set for doing that, but instead
you can actually create a sample data set and then try to evaluate using the large language model as
an evaluator.
So you can do that as well.
That is going to make your life even more simpler.
That is what the non-traditional testing we were talking about in our last section of this course.
So we're going to be using the non-traditional testing approach, where the LMS being the evaluator,
because it will have all the context of what to verify.
And you will have the vector database is going to give you the details, which gives the detail to the
LMS.
And you also will have an expected outcome that you are looking for.
And then you can evaluate all of these together Within your, uh, within your ragas over here.
So you'll notice that in here.
Um, so you have got a prompt that has been sent over here and this particular prompt data that you're
going to have or nothing but your test data.
So here is where all your test data, uh, with uh, expected and actual, uh, prompt, uh, request
and response are going to be sitting.
So let me make this as uh, medium, very large so that you can see a bit more clearly.
So that is what we are going to be doing over here as a prompt.
And then we're going to be sending to um, uh, sending not to the, to the model directly, but we
are going to be sending it to the, uh, to the evaluator so that we can verify whether we have got
the context, recall faithfulness and factual correctness of the responses that we are looking for.
So that is the whole idea over here.
So in order for us to perform this testing operation, we do require our earlier sections knowledge.
We are going to be using the chroma database, which is going to store the data, uh, or the documents.
And we're going to be using embedding.
And again, the embedding is going to be from our embedding that we were doing before.
So I'm going to be using that particular embedding.
And we need to retrieve the data.
And then finally we need to pass that particular uh chain uh to run it and see what it's going to be,
the response and things.
So those things we are going to be doing it over here.
So in order to achieve these operation, um, make sure that you are not directly jumping into this
particular section.
If you are very keen on learning about testing and you are ending up into this particular section,
you can't really understand unless until you have watched my earlier sections of this course.
So please go and watch there before we start doing the testing operation itself over here.
So that is the whole idea of this particular section.
We are going to see how we can make use of our existing knowledge to test our Rag system using ragas.